
h2. Integration

h3. Maven

bc. 
  <dependencies>
    <dependency>
      <groupId>com.github.sebhoss.junit.di</groupId>
      <artifactId>junit-dependency-injection-rule</artifactId>
      <version>1.0.0-SNAPSHOT</version>
    </dependency>
  </dependencies>
  
h3. Gradle

bc. 
  dependencies {
    compile 'com.github.sebhoss.junit.di:junit-dependency-injection-rule:1.0.0-SNAPSHOT'
  }
  
h3. Buildr

bc. 
  compile.with 'com.github.sebhoss.junit.di:junit-dependency-injection-rule:jar:1.0.0-SNAPSHOT'

h3. Ivy

bc. 
  <dependencies>
    <dependency org="com.github.sebhoss.junit.di" name="junit-dependency-injection-rule" rev="1.0.0-SNAPSHOT"/>
  </dependencies>

h3. sbt

bc. 
  libraryDependencies ++= Seq(
    "com.github.sebhoss.junit.di" % "junit-dependency-injection-rule" % "1.0.0-SNAPSHOT"
  )

h3. Grape

bc. 
  @Grab(group='com.github.sebhoss.junit.di', module='junit-dependency-injection-rule', version='1.0.0-SNAPSHOT')

h2. Development

h3. License

p. This program is free software. It comes without any warranty, to the extent permitted by applicable law. You can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the Do What The Fuck You Want To Public License, Version 2, as published by Sam Hocevar. See "http://sam.zoy.org/wtfpl/COPYING":http://sam.zoy.org/wtfpl/COPYING for more details.

h3. Setup

p. This project is using "Java":http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index.html, "Maven":http://maven.apache.org/, "Eclipse":http://eclipse.org/ and "Git":http://git-scm.com/ as the main development tools. To build the project yourself just download & install at least Java 7 & Maven 3.0 and call *mvn install* inside the project folder. Maven should then proceed to clean, build, test, package and install this project.

p. Use the project import wizard from Eclipse to import this project. The integrated m2e-plugin will automatically setup the needed configuration files for Eclipse. If you are using an old version of Eclipse run *mvn eclipse:eclipse* first and then import this project into Eclipse.

h3. Versioning

p. This project follows the "semantic versioning":http://semver.org/ guidelines.